Welcome to another module.
So we learned about components, about forms, about the general template syntax, the core features of vuejs
.
We also learned about directives, filters and mixins, so we learned about a lot of things,
a lot of things which are really important to vuejs and really are core features. Now it would also
be nice to make our application a little bit prettier
and for making it prettier and telling the user what he just did or where he is at in your application,
animations are key. Animations are more than just an extra benefit,
animations really allow your user to know, to understand how to use your application and where, in which
point of the application the user currently is.
Therefore in this module, we'll have a look at animations and transitions, how we can animate single objects,
animate the transition of two objects and animate whole list of items like sliding new items in and sliding
old items out or stuff like that.
So let's dive in.